The Student Portal is made for learning perspective.
The project focuses on the working of a Admin-Student Portal
The presenter of the project will be upgraded soon.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
The project consists of three Web pages.
    1.User.html
    2.Student.html
    3.Admin.html
And each .html file have its respective .js file and required .css file.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The functionality of the project is -
1.One can login through Login Portal by means of it's username,role and given password.
    There are two roles i.e. Admin and Student
    There are two Admins and their details are as follows:
    1. user:'Priyesh', role:'Admin',password:'PS12345'
    2. user:'Mahesh', role:'Admin',password:'MA12345'

2.If the login is done by Admin - 
    The Admin can create students only.
    The Admin have to give data for mandatory fields.
    If some mistake is done, then admin can use 'new' button.
    To create a student, admin should provide the details and click 'save'.
    The Admin can also delete any record.
    The Admin can view the table completely or on the basis of certificates and achievements.

3.If the login is done by Student -
    The Student can only login with its credentials provided by Admin explicitly.
    The Student can view his data.
    The Student can edit his address, achievements and certificates.
    For achievements and certificates, student can clear it, add a new one, or edit it(overwrite it).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tasks Done - 
1.Create Roles and Users and store them in Local storage of browser.
    Done,The roles and users are stored in local storage and are dynamically accessed.

2.Implement the JS6 class that will capture the Student Info and store it into the local storage of the browser.
    Done

3.The Student Information can be altered based upon the information entered by user as certifications, achievements and address.
    Done

4.Provide a search functionality based on Certifications and Achievements.
    Done, The search will be done in local storage, to check whether the same kind of search is done previously or not and if data is not found then the search is done on the complete data and then get stored in local storage.

5.If the achievements and certificates are modified, those update should happen in original collection and as well as in already searched.
    Done

6.Validations-
    `Email should be unique
    `Student Code is unique and autogenerated and is used as password for the Student login and is generated by a mixture of Student name and the time and date when the entry is created. Student Code is provided by admin to student.
    `The Student Name if duplicated, then the admin will get the notification.





